houses ranma chip playing the hunter on
PC and today I'm doing episode 20 of my
serious hunting friends
in this episode I'm joined by relatively
new player foxy g3 size rom red fur
falls and when after his first black
bear okay foxy let's go get your black
bear so me and foxy spotted this black
bear usually stayman upon it now nice
shooting foxy that's the first black
bear done he's using the core 98 yep so
happy to help Fox to get his first black
bear
that's great he added me on Steam and we
just did this episode that's so easy
come about I do haunt with anyone so
there's no special requirements just
have to message me so let's take your
token shot now great little pose there
perfect
alright I see what else we can get I've
got a male moose calling right now so
we're gonna have a go at that Fox has
just called it it's not too far away
it's just over the brow of this hill
it is good taking new players on hunts
especially note the more to pay lobbies
because you know if you get some fat
reasonable that's probably the personal
best animal and that really pleases them
and it's great fun I do things like this
that will keep that player probably
playing for a long time and it starts
them off with a good view of the game
okay the moose is somewhere just in
front of us now probably a hundred under
50 meters so I watch what we're doing
now just in case it is really nice on a
tree seed will be you good just need to
be careful now I've gone know if it's
kinda attacking me it's your fault
because you called now you'll be safe
I'll save you faster
I do like attacking me moose there's a
red or something there yeah it's another
trap for the moose
it's very close now so watch out yep
I don't know how much you've used a
recurve bow but if it's a really nice
moose
I'll tell you and I would use the rifle
just in case well soon see anyway see if
it's a decent one or not
we must be right on top of it now
because it won't go far when I first got
deke also must fit anywhere here keep
your eyes up Oh God let me get my boo
knockers that I love it
yeah it does look very nice
let me see what it's up to yeah I
possibly could be 200 so yeah you
definitely want to take this
don't mess no pressure is it a clean
shot yeah chess with you two in the
chest with the core 98 then you
shouldn't go very far let's go and have
a look we'll check the blood splash see
we hit it if it's hot or long attracts
just in front of us there so here we go
oh it's much blood it's much blood I
think he said blood everywhere probably
a big bottle shop yeah he's probably
dead or or laying down because they're
really much blood mmm let's see lungs
heart lungs and heart excellent that
means you'll be juiced Danny it's clean
a nice shot yeah what was what you aim
for Thanks
that my crews yeah that she monster
moves it's big yep he's a very nice
moves
yeah let's take a quick look at him he's
fell in the perfect position
and then we'll get his score he's gonna
be Costa 200 he's very nice
he scores 190 so yeah that's a very big
moose so this has been episode 20 of
hunting friends
we're playing the hunter I've been
joined by foxy g36 I'm wrong my tube
please subscribe to my youtube channel
thanks for watching